add non-normative guidelines to core for creating a Group (#5)
Logius-standaarden/fsc-core: guidelines.md

# Guidelines

There are no hard restrictions on the creation of FSC Groups.
However, an FSC Group defines the boundaries for collaboration for Peers within this Group. Also, the characteristics of a Group are not easily changed.
Creating a Group should be a well considered decision.

> This non-normative section offers some guidelines that may aid the decision process whether it is beneficial to create a Group.

Author: Aangepast

The Group defines the overall scope of collaboration between Peers. It defines technical requirements for communication, like network ports, as well as establishing a `network of trust` for Peers to collaborate within.
Collaboration between Peers in a Group is facilitated, not mandated. Because of this it is important to consider making the Group as broad as possible, so many Peers can become part of the Group.

> In principle fewer Groups are more beneficial than more Groups since this enables broader collaboration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In principle, fewer (but larger in size) Groups stimulate broader collaboration, as opposed to a more dispersed Group landscape.
```

Author: Aangepast. Tekst wel aangepast naar `(but larger)` in plaats van `(but larger in size)`
